The market share of electric cars and factors that effect adoption


What motivated 
- i just bought a car
- range anxiety and incentives

Questions asked - 
Does the expansion of electric charging infrastructure have an impact on the adoption of electric vehicles?
- range anxiety ("I don't want to buy a car that only goes x number of miles and then I'm stuck)
- Electric battery consumption varies widely by make/model, but also by external factors
Do incentives have an impact on the adoption of electric vehicles?
- Where are all these charging stations coming from?
- Do people actually care about tax incentives and perks?



National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) (Federal Lab dedicated to research/development of renewable energy tech)

Question
Does more car makers getting into the electric vehicle game effect overall sales? 
Does the trend in vehicles debut map to other metrics of adoption (incentives)
What
Spreadsheet containing data of sales of different maker/model cars by years and type

Cleaning
Used stack and unstack to move columns of sales data to one column. 
Found "Debut Year" - First Year a model was sold to show enthusiasm in car makers
Used pandas to plot PEV and HEV vehicles side by side.

Dip in 2015 - Could be explained by tax incentives and leasing options. Tax incentives are only available
on new cars. Leases are generally 3 years, and then those cars hit the used market. We don't
have that data, but it could be a factor in the cycles of car buying

Question
Does the expansion of electric charging infrastructure have an impact on the adoption of electric vehicles?
What
APIs - Alternative Fuel Stations
Cleaning -
cycled through to pull relevant fields - params only electric charging
{'api_key' : NREL_api, 'fuel_type' : 'ELEC', 'access': 'all','state': ''}
 (State, Lat/Lng, Date Opened, Access Type)
Cleaned Date field to show year only(orig in string)


Question
Do incentives have an impact on the adoption of electric vehicles?
API -Transportation Laws and Incentives
Cleaning - 
Pulled API and cycled through adding relevant fields to lists, then Data Frame.
technology listed under Electric, Plug-Electric and Hybrid Electric
and must contain incentives for individuals.
Fields - (title, type, state, enacted date, amended date, sig update date)
Not every Incentive had an enacted date - dropped rows no dates (thresh =4)
Cycled through dates to find oldest and went with that.
Dropped Federal and DC incentives for map against stations

Electric Charging Stations are represented in every state - but not every state had incentives that included individuals

Post morten - 
would like to see more detail on typesof incentives (tax vs etc) to see
which ones really matter
used car sales data - track peaks and valleys to leasing cycles

